Update declarativeNetRequest docs for recent static ruleset changes (#1247)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/index.md

## Rule Resources

An extension can specify up to [MAX_NUMBER_OF_STATIC_RULESETS][5] [rulesets][6] as part of the
`"rule_resources"` manifest key. An extension is allowed to enable up to
[MAX_NUMBER_OF_ENABLED_STATIC_RULESETS][18] of those rulesets at any one time, assuming static rule

> limits are not exceeded. An extension is allowed to enable at least

Reviewer: nit: Change to:

Only [MAX_NUMBER_OF_ENABLED_STATIC_RULESETS][18] of these rulesets can be enabled at a time, assuming static rule limits are not exceeded.

Reviewer: nit: linebreak before this.

Author: Done.

An extension can update the set of enabled static rulesets using the [updateEnabledRulesets][14] API
method.

- The number of static rulesets which are enabled at one time must not exceed
  [MAX_NUMBER_OF_ENABLED_STATIC_RULESETS][18].
- The number of rules across enabled static rulesets across all extensions must not exceed the
  [global limit][15]. Calling [getAvailableStaticRuleCount][10] is recommended to check the number
  of rules an extension can still enable before the global limit is reached.
- The set of enabled static rulesets is persisted across sessions but not across extension updates.
  The `rule_resources` manifest key will determine the set of enabled static rulesets on initial
  extension install and on each subsequent extension update.
- Errors and warnings about invalid static rules are only displayed for unpacked extensions. Invalid
  static rules in packed extensions are ignored. It's therefore important to verify your static

>   rulesets are valid by testing an unpacked version of your extension.

Author: I'm not quite happy about how these points apply to both manifest enabled and `updateEnabledRulesets` enabled static rulesets. I worry that their position makes it seem like they only apply to the latter. I can't see how better to do it though, what do you think?

Reviewer: That's a good point. How about moving this to the Rule Resources section above since that deals with static rulesets.

Author: OK makes sense, will do. I'll leave the other points here though, since they are already covered in the Rule Resources section.

  `append` rules from the same extension.
- If a rule has removed a header, then lower priority rules cannot further modify the header.

### Indexing

> Static rulesets are indexed by the browser before they can be used. For large numbers of static

Reviewer: This is also true for session/dynamic rulesets. So just Rulesets.

Author: I've removed this sentence, so done... kinda!

rules, indexing can take some time.

> For packed extensions, we defer indexing static rulesets until the ruleset is enabled. This avoids

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For packed extensions, the browser defers indexing static rulesets until the ruleset is enabled. This avoids
```

Author: Done.

unnecessarily indexing disabled static rulesets and ensures a minimal extension install time for
the user. Invalid static rules are ignored.

> For unpacked extensions, we index all static rulesets when the extension is installed or updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For unpacked extensions, all static rulesets are indexed when the extension is installed or updated.
```

Author: Done.

> We display extension installation errors or extension warnings for any invalid static rules - even

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The browser displays extension installation errors or extension warnings for any invalid static rules - even
```

Author: Done.

static rules - even for rules in disabled static rulesets.

> 

Reviewer: This goes into internal implementation details. I wonder if we can just say something like:

"Invalid static rules are ignored for packed extensions. For unpacked extensions, the browser displays errors and warnings during installation for any invalid
static rules - even for rules in disabled static rulesets. 

When using static rulesets, it's therefore important to test an unpacked version of your extension. This helps ensure that all of the static rules are valid."

wdyt?

Author: Yea, you're right. No need to go into so many irrelevant implementation details. Done.
